Feature name             Enforcement  Evaluation  Subscription   Enabled  RightToUse 
adventerprise            yes          yes         no             no       yes        
advipservices            yes          yes         no             yes      yes        
ipbase                   no           no          no             no       no         
avc                      yes          yes         no             no       yes        
broadband                no           no          no             no       no         
broadband_4k             no           no          no             no       no         
cube_250                 no           no          no             no       no         
cube_250_red             no           no          no             no       no         
cube_ent_100             no           no          no             no       no         
cube_ent_100_red         no           no          no             no       no         
cube_lab                 no           no          no             no       no         
cube_video_b2btp         no           no          no             no       no         
cube_video_b2btp_red     no           no          no             no       no         
firewall                 no           no          no             no       no         
fpi                      no           no          no             no       no         
fwnat_red                yes          yes         no             no       yes        
gtp_addon_aic            no           no          no             no       no         
internal_service         yes          no          no             no       no         
ipsec                    yes          yes         no             no       yes        
lawful_intr              yes          yes         no             no       yes        
lisp                     yes          yes         no             no       yes        
nat64_stateful_2m        no           no          no             no       no         
otv                      yes          yes         no             no       yes        
sgt_fw                   no           no          no             no       no         
sw_redundancy            yes          yes         no             no       yes        
throughput_5g            yes          yes         no             no       yes        
throughput_5g_to_10g     yes          no          no             no       no         
throughput_5g_to_20g     yes          no          no             no       no         
throughput_10g           yes          yes         no             no       yes        
throughput_10g_to_20g    yes          no          no             no       no         
throughput_20g           yes          yes         no             no       yes        
vpls                     yes          yes         no             no       yes        
interface_10g            yes          yes         no             yes      yes        
FoundationSuiteK9        yes          yes         no             no       yes        
AdvUCSuiteK9             yes          yes         no             no       yes        

